	1. Describe the SELinux security model.

       Security-Enhanced  Linux  (SELinux)  is an implementation of a flexible mandatory access
       control architecture in the Linux operating system.  The SELinux architecture  provides  gen-
       eral  support for the enforcement of many kinds of mandatory access control policies, includ-
       ing those based on the concepts of Type Enforcement®, Role- Based Access Control, and  Multi-
       Level  Security.   Background  information  and  technical documentation about SELinux can be
       found at http://www.nsa.gov/selinux.

       The /etc/selinux/config configuration file controls whether SELinux is enabled  or  disabled,
       and  if  enabled, whether SELinux operates in permissive mode or enforcing mode.  The SELINUX
       variable may be set to any one of disabled, permissive, or enforcing to select one  of  these
       options.   The  disabled  option completely disables the SELinux kernel and application code,
       leaving the system running without any SELinux protection.  The permissive option enables the
       SELinux  code, but causes it to operate in a mode where accesses that would be denied by pol-
       icy are permitted but audited.  The enforcing option enables the SELinux code and  causes  it
       to  enforce  access  denials as well as auditing them.  Permissive mode may yield a different
       set of denials than enforcing mode, both because enforcing mode  will  prevent  an  operation
       from  proceeding  past the first denial and because some application code will fall back to a
       less privileged mode of operation if denied access.

       The /etc/selinux/config configuration file also controls what policy is active on the system.
       SELinux  allows  for multiple policies to be installed on the system, but only one policy may
       be active at any given time.  At present, two kinds of SELinux  policy  exist:  targeted  and
       strict.   The  targeted  policy  is designed as a policy where most processes operate without
       restrictions, and only specific services are placed into distinct security domains  that  are
       confined  by  the  policy.  For example, the user would run in a completely unconfined domain
       while the named daemon or apache daemon would run in a specific domain tailored to its opera-
       tion.   The  strict  policy  is designed as a policy where all processes are partitioned into
       fine-grained security domains and confined by policy.  It is anticipated in the  future  that
       other policies will be created (Multi-Level Security for example).  You can define which pol-
       icy you will run by setting the SELINUXTYPE environment variable within  /etc/selinux/config.
       The  corresponding  policy  configuration  for  each  such  policy  must  be installed in the
       /etc/selinux/SELINUXTYPE/ directories.

       A given SELinux policy can be customized further based  on  a  set  of  compile-time  tunable
       options  and a set of runtime policy booleans.  system-config-securitylevel allows customiza-
       tion of these booleans and tunables.

       Many domains that are protected by SELinux also include selinux man pages explainging how  to
       customize their policy.

